One Piece Chapter 1155 Discussion - DannyBimma

Right off the bat, the chapter answered one of the biggest questions 
I had about Loki--what could he have seen in Rocks to idolise him 
the way he did. But it made perfect sense once it was revealed that 
Rocks and his primordial crew were the first humans Loki ever met.

There are very few things Eiichiro Oda loves illustrating more than 
the price of prejudice. The heavy cost of judging a book before even 
having read it. Whether it's showing the audience that someone who was 
painted as one of the biggest antagonist in the story, can actually turn 
out to be one of the biggest heroes all along. Or, having one character 
completely underestimate the strength/integrity of another. Only to be 
humbled or shocked within an inch of their life when confronting the one 
they wrongly judged.

Not only was Rocks the first human Loki ever saw in the flesh, but he 
was the first person who ever rivalled him in strength, and the first 
man he ever saw oppose his father's Kingly position. This man walked up 
to the ancient giant and King of Elbaph, The Great Harald, and casually 
asked him to serve. One of the same humans Loki once assumed to be puny 
little weaklings, just kicked down his front door, smacked him upside the 
head, and told his father to come work for him... kid Loki had no choice 
but to be be taken aback by Rocks. 

This was definitely Rocks' chapter from start to finish; and I wouldn't 
be at all upset if it turned into his flashback entirely. This man commands 
something that goes way beyond aura. Roger, Shanks, Luffy, even fucking 
Imu themselves somehow look like chumps when held up before Xe Beck.

Furthermore, what does Rocks' lineage mean as a "Davy Jonesian Pirate?" 
Why would knowing this about Rocks cause Imu to take pause?? 
We've only heard mention of the Davy Jones legend once before in One Piece, 
and that was during the infamous Davy Back fight in Long Ring Long Land!! 
So Davy Jones was definitely a real legendary character who lived in OP, 
but just how big was his legend... big enough to warrant a Mystical Devil 
Fruit ability? 

This may be a silly side-track, but I have a long-running personal theory 
that says: The Darkness Fruit was the SECOND DF Black Beard ate, the first 
was one that allows him to eat other DFs, it's AFO vs OFA all over again!! 
Fuck!! I knew Oda was gonna end up making that old Long Ring Long Land arc 
one of the most integral to the entire saga!!

The end of the chapter even managed to bring the beginning full-circle for me; 
because Rocks was the only man who changed Loki's world view, or rather, he was 
the first person who ever got Loki to consider/see the world. Sure, it was in the 
context of dominating the damn planet, but still. Not even King Harald with his 
constant pilgrimages to allies around the globe could get Loki to see the world 
was much bigger than he could ever imagine. When Loki saw Rocks speak, it was the 
first time he ever internalised the world being way bigger than the giant tree he 
lived on. Salvation!!
